Imaging
=======

To get started, from your foxsi-smex/idl directory run the script 

        IDL> @foxsi-smex-setup-script.pro

Main Functions:

>> foxsi_get_output_2d_image.pro    - for imaging at a single energy

>> foxsi_get_output_image_cube.pro  - for imaging at multiple energies.


foxsi_get_output_2d_image.pro                       (located in /response folder)
-----------------------------

>> Requires make_map and plot_map functions.

This function is intended to simulate the image measured by the FOXSI detectors for a
given input source without regard to photon energy, i.e. a 2D monochromatic source.
The function convolves the source map with the point spread function of the FOXSI optics.
It then rebins the image to the pixelization of the detectors.  Random statistical 
fluctuations are added by varying the value in each pixel using the Poisson uncertainties. 
The addition of random statistics can be turned off by the keyword /NO_COUNT_STATS. 
The default pixel size is 3" but can be set by the keyword PX.

The function may be run with an automatically generated source (two narrow gaussians 
near the centre of a 150"x150" FOV) and a default pixelisation of 3" with the call:

    IDL> out_map = foxsi_get_output_2d_image()
    IDL> plot_map, out_map

Alternatively, a user supplied source_map may be supplied and/or the function run with a
custom pixelization (example 1") as follows:

    IDL> out_map = foxsi_get_2d_image(source_map, px = 1)
    IDL> plot_map, out_map

The source_map can be any plot_map structure containing the source to be simulated. 
Any pixelization can be used for the source; this information will be gleaned from the 
plot_map structure.  The keyword PX is the pixelization for the detector only. 

The convolution currently only has one point spread function which was obtained from 
measuring the point spread function for the on-axis position and fitting this with 
three gaussians. (See the preamble of get_psf_map.pro for details).


WARNING: Run time is dependent on the size of the FOV. The default FOV is 150x150 pixels,
or 2.5'x2.5', this runs in a few seconds. Simulating the entire FOXSI FOV (~16.5'x16.5')
will take ~10 minutes.


Peripheral Functions:
- foxsi_get_default_source_map.pro            (located in /response folder)
- foxsi_get_psf_map.pro                       (located in /response folder)



foxsi_get_output_image_cube.pro                       (located in /response folder)
-------------------------------

>> Requires MAKE_MAP, PLOT_MAP, ADD_TAG functions.

This function simulates imaging spectroscopy for the FOXSI optics/detectors for a
given input source that includes energy information.  The input source should be a 
plot_map array with each array element containing the source image in a particular 
energy bin.  The energies must be designated in the structure using the tags 
ENERGY_BIN_LOWER_BOUND_KEV and ENERGY_BIN_UPPER_BOUND_KEV.  The function 
FOXSI_MAKE_SOURCE_STRUCTURE can be used to add these tags, or the requisite info can 
be passed to the main function.

It is assumed that values in the source map are in units of photons/cm2.

For each map, the source fluxes are multiplied by the effective area obtained from the 
function FOXSI_GET_EFFECTIVE_AREA and interpolated to match the energy bins of the input 
source.  Each map is then processed identically to the monochromatic case described above 
under foxsi_get_output_2d_image.pro.

The function may be called with a default source (containing image and spectral info) by:

    IDL> out_maps = foxsi_get_output_image_cube()
    IDL> plot_map, out_map

The default source is generated by the peripheral function 
FOXSI_GET_DEFAULT_SOURCE_CUBE.PRO. This is a stack of 100"x100" flux maps with energies 
from 1.0 to 60.0 KeV in 2 keV bins.  The sources are two gaussians placed 50" apart 
with different spectra (constant in energy for one, decaying exponentially with energy 
for the other).

To run the code with your own source data, please provide:

  >> An array of 2d maps using keyword SOURCE_MAP_SPECTRUM

and one of these two options:

  (Option 1)
  >> The lower edge of the lowest energy bin, using keyword E_MIN
  >> The upper edge of the highest energy bin, using keyword E_MAX
	In this usage, the energy array is assumed evenly spaced between these values.
  	 
  (Option 2)
  >> An array of the energy bin edges using keyword BIN_EDGES_ARRAY.  In this usage, 
		 any array of energies can be used.

The following example creates a 2D Gaussian source and uses energy bins from 3-40 keV.)

		IDL> src = make_map( psf_gaussian(fwhm=2, npixel=100) )
		IDL> src = replicate( src, 37 )
    IDL> out_maps = foxsi_get_output_image_cube( source=src, e_min = 3, e_max=40 )
    IDL> movie_map, out_maps


While the spectra for a given pixel (x,y) may be plotted against the midpoint energy of 
each bin with the line:

		IDL> energy = average( [[out_maps.ENERGY_BIN_LOWER_BOUND_KEV],[out_maps.ENERGY_BIN_UPPER_BOUND_KEV]],2 )
    IDL> plot, energy, out_maps.data[x,y,*]

Note: The convolution currently only has one point spread function which was obtained 
from measuring the point spread function for the on-axis position and fitting this with 
three gaussians. (See the preamble of foxsi_get_psf_map.pro for details). Future 
iterations of this code will include some functionality to include variance in the psf 
for a given off axis source position and also for convolving at different spatial points 
in the optics cross section.


WARNING: Run time is dependent on the size of the FOV and number of spectral intervals. 
At testing, a grid of 100x100 pixels will be processed at ~0.5s per spectral slice.


Peripheral Functions:
- foxsi_get_default_source_cube.pro                      (located in /response folder)
- foxsi_get_psf_map.pro                       (located in /response folder)
- foxsi_get_effective_area.pro            (located in /response folder)
- foxsi_make_source_structure.pro         (located in /response folder)
